Previously on How To Get Away
With Murder...
He died
'cause I left him there.
We'll fix this.
This is proof Mr. Lahey moved
and hid the body
from Miss Atwood.
I can fix this.
If you just give me a chance --
Are you kidding?
You are suspended!
Atwood admitted
she moved Wes' body.
Why aren't we talking
about going after
the people who killed Wes?
We don't know
who killed him.
He testified
against Charles Mahoney
a week before he died.
Laurel.
Wes was cremated.
Oliver: All this time,
you've been telling me
Annalise was
hiding something
when you're the one
with a secret.
You went to Annalise's house
that night, didn't you?
1, 2, 3, 4.
♪
Woman: It was my fault.
I say that to myself so that
maybe I'll start to believe it
[ sighs ]
and feel bad.
Because I'll admit, right now,
I don't feel that bad.
It's like my brain
just broke...
all the way.
And I can't get that image
of her out of my head.
♪
Woman #2:
I keep having this dream --
cars crashing
into a convenience store,
and there's all these people
trapped underneath.
They're screaming at me
the most vile things
that you've ever heard.
Woman: Like, why can't
I just be happy for once?
"Pile of trash,
You ugly whore."
Mistake after stupid mistake.
-It's just stuck...
-Why do I have to always be...
-...in a constant loop.
...worrying about everyone else?
-I just want to throw up.
-"Disgusting, repulsive,
dried-up, old bitch."
-Hate me.
-I hate it.
-I deserve it.
It's just enough
to make me want to die.
♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
-Would you like to share?
-No.
You sure?
We're good listeners.
I'm new.
But you already know that, so...
[ Breathes deeply ]
And I have a problem...
with drinking, yes.
But I got
other problems, too --
lots of them.
Like, I could take up
this entire meeting talking
about them,
and you would be entertained.
Trust me.
But everyone's got problems.
I mean, that's all you hear
in these meetings --
men who can't afford to eat,
women who get beat up.
There was even a woman in here
whose 6-year-old daughter died
in a school shooting.
I mean, the world is ugly.
People get depressed,
and so they drink.
That's clear.
But, I don't know.
Sitting in these rooms,
talking about it --
I don't know.
[ Groans lightly ]
It's just...
[ Sighs ]
I mean, look at you.
You've been coming here
for 26 years,
and y-you're still a mess.
I mean, what has coming here
done for you?
I mean, tell me!
There's got to be something
that you learned -- something --
right, that you helps you
to feel better...
other than this whining.
[ Sniffles ]
I mean, tell me.
Tell me what it is.
Man #2: Have you tried
meditation?
[ Sniffles ]
I'll think about it.
[ Knock on door ]
Oliver:
Where have you been?
[ Panting ] Running.
For two hours?
You'll be the one that benefits
when I have abs.
Y-You left your phone.
It kept ringing.
I saw it was Bonnie,
so I answered it.
There's a hearing
for Annalise tomorrow
to get her charges dropped,
and they want you there.
[ Sighs ]
Maybe you should
tell them.
They won't believe me.
Well, I believe you.
Do you?
Yeah.
That's convincing.
Why are you ignoring
my texts?
I've been busy.
Busy ratting us out
to the fuzz?
Would I be here
if I did?
I don't know.
Maybe they put a wire on you.
[ Loudly ]
Copy that, officers?
I didn't go to the cops.
Did Oliver find something
on Annalise's phone?
Is that
what you don't want to say?
No.
Then what's wrong?
Nothing.
-Why are you lying?
-'Cause he's always doing it.
I brought you here to fill
the seats behind Annalise,
not to bicker.
Do I have
anything to worry about?
Yeah.
Worry about wasting
Annalise's time
with this impossible motion
to dismiss.
We win this,
and all of our problems go away,
including yours.
So get in there, sit down,
and act like
you actually like Annalise.
Bonnie:
Is it true you were fired
from the District Attorney's
office, Ms. Atwood?
Yes.
Why?
I forged a signature
on the form
ordering the transfer
of Wesley Gibbins' body.
The signature of an investigator
from your office -- Nate Lahey?
Yes.
Can you explain
to the court
why you would tamper
with evidence this way?
Objection -- argumentative.
It's probative
to the key issue of my motion --
malicious prosecution.
Overruled.
I wasn't tampering
with evidence.
I was protecting it.
How does transferring a body
protect evidence?
Ms. Keating has a history
of committing unlawful actions
to win her cases.
I was trying to protect
all of our evidence.
Now.
Transferring the body
broke chain of custody,
according to Rule 901.
Anyone, including you, could
have manipulated the evidence.
But we will never be able
to prove that,
because after transferring
the body,
you also ordered its cremation.
Isn't that true?
-Objection --
assuming facts not in evidence.
-Sustained.
Bonnie.
[ Scribbling ]
As I'm sure you're aware,
the Rule of Spoliation states
that you may not benefit from
the destruction of evidence.
I never meant to.
Intent is irrelevant.
Your Honor,
who is trying the case here?
Ms. Keating, either act
as your own counsel
or advise your lawyer
on your own time.
[ Sighs ]
Ms. Atwood, did you
or did you not order
the cremation
of Wesley Gibbins' body?
I did not.
Do you know who ordered
the cremation of Wesley Gibbins?
No.
Because you're lying
under oath?
No.
Objection --
She's goading the witness.
Jacobs: Sustained.
No further questions.
Michaela: She just perjured
herself in there, right?
-Of course.
-So we need to break her.
We would've if I was the one
asking the questions.
We go back in tomorrow,
so everyone come
back to my house,
and we'll figure out ways
to prove she lied.
Has anyone considered
the possibility
that Atwood has
nothing to do with this?
Of course she does.
The Mahoneys killed Wes and got
Atwood to help them cover it up.
-Why would she do that?
-Why does anyone do anything?
Money, son.
When you have Mahoney's
cash, you can get people
to do anything.
You can kill their pets,
have sex with creepy, old guys.
-Annalise...
-So, you're saying you'd sleep
with an old man
if someone paid you enough?
Uh, with my bank account in its
current state, yeah, I would.
Laurel: Annalise.
Charles Mahoney just got
released from jail.
[ Camera shutters clicking ]
I can't express
how relieved we are
that the prosecution
finally realized
that the charges against me
were manufactured.
Woman:
Do you have plans to sue the
state for wrongful prosecution?
No. Right now,
I just want to go home,
spend some time
with my family.
Mrs. Mahoney, are you happy
to put this all behind you?
Sylvia: No, because
it isn't behind us.
Man: Can you tell us
what you mean by that?
What'd I tell you?
They probably paid off a judge
to get him released.
Shh!
My husband's murder is
still unsolved.
So, while one nightmare
might be over,
we are still deep
in the middle of another.
I owe it to my husband
to find the person
or persons who shot him dead
in the middle of the street.
Turn it off.
[ TV clicks ]
Great, so, we sit here and wait
for her to come kill us, too.
She's not gonna kill us.
She's gonna pay someone
to kill us.
No one's getting killed.
You said so yourself that these
chuckleheads are dangerous.
But Atwood isn't.
She's the weak link.
And if we find proof
that she had any contact
with the Mahoneys,
they all go down.
And isn't that
what you want,
to find out who killed Wes
and how to make them pay?
So, that's what we do.
We don't stand
around here complaining.
We act.
So let's get to work.
-You wanted to see me?
-Close the door.
Denver:
I saw you in court today.
Who were you there for?
Atwood?
Or is it Annalise these days?
I was there
'cause this is my case.
That the only reason?
'Cause this case
has been damaged enough
by my A.D.A. tampering
with the victim's body.
I had nothing
to do with that.
I know that now.
But this whole department
is under a microscope.
So I need you
to look me in the eye
and tell me that you
are not in contact with Keating.
We've been done
for a long time now.
I'm not here to play games,
so either trust me or fire me.
No one's getting fired.
Good.
What's this?
Atwood's Wi-Fi password.
She works out
of her home office sometimes,
so if she had
any secret communications,
she'd do it from there.
You're welcome.
If Denver finds out
that you're helping me,
it could hurt both of us.
Don't worry about that.
My ass could go to jail
for the rest of my life.
It's my job to worry
about everything right now.
Why do you think I'm here?
Say "thank you."
This is Atwood's
Wi-Fi password.
Get into her computer,
phone records,
bank statements,
anything that'll link her
to the Mahoneys.
Well, you got her password.
That saves me about an hour.
The rest of you, dig
into the discovery of my case --
police records, interviews.
Chances are Atwood doctored
some of those, too.
Oh, God.
That's not for you.
What is it?
It's a file
that's better for Michaela.
I have no idea
what you're doing.
No, no, no, please, don't.
Please do--
He looks better
than I thought.
You okay?
Yeah.
What's going on
with you?
Nothing.
You can't even look me
in the eye.
'Cause you're
so blindingly beautiful.
You're mad at me
for taking Asher's side.
Fine.
I get that.
But I think
the two of us know better
than to let some boy
ever come between us.
The only way I've gotten
through any of this insanity
is because we had
each other's backs.
There's nothing
you can't say to me.
I'm having
coming-out flashbacks.
[ Scoffs ]
What is it?
I got into Atwood's
landline records.
Okay, so, she received a call
from this phone number
on the night Wes died.
She got another call
from that same number
on the day that she had
Wes's body moved
and again on the night
that he was cremated.
It's a blocked number.
It's probably a burner,
which means
it's impossible to...
Laurel: To what?
Uh...I'm sorry.
There's no way for me to
find out whose number this is.
-Unless we call it.
-We can't.
Asher: Why not?
If the Mahoneys
or one of their goons picked up,
then we'd know they're
in cahoots with Atwood.
Annalise: And lets them know
that we're on to them.
Keep digging. See if you can
trace the number to anyone.
Um, I told you, I can't.
Oliver, now, you've done
a lot of things this year
you thought
you couldn't do.
They'll believe you.
[ Whispers ]
Shut up.
What's going on?
-Nothing.
-Michaela.
I'm just not feeling
very well.
What happened?
Did you say something to her?
Michaela: Asher.
Connor: No.
You can be an ass to me
all you want
but not to my lady.
Asher, I think you're probably
reading into things.
He's not.
Michaela.
Just tell them.
Tell us what?
Laurel: Yeah, seriously,
what's going on?
Uh, I think we should
just give Connor some space.
Open your mouth.
Connor might've killed Wes.
♪
You know,
you're much nicer on HumpR.
That's 'cause
I wanted to get laid.
[ Chuckles ]
You know what?
You're the problem
with the gay community.
You know, we all just treat each
other like a piece of meat.
We're all the problem
with the gay community.
It was nice meeting you.
[ Door opens ]
[ Scoffs ]
Hey, I realized
I don't have my phone.
Could I borrow yours?
[ Chuckles ]
Wow.
You're on a roll.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
Annalise:
Connor, it's Annalise.
I need all of you
to come to the house.
I got your voicemail.
So I went to the house.
It was open.
Hello? Annalise?
Annalise?
Connor:
I went in the basement.
That's where I found him.
Wes?
Wes!
Wes. Wes, wake up.
Come on.
Help!
Annalise!
He didn't have a pulse.
Or maybe I just couldn't
find it. I don't know.
But his body was still warm,
so I started CPR.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
Why didn't you call 911?
Because I didn't have my phone.
There was a phone
in the house.
You weren't there.
You don't understand.
I...
[ Gasps ]
I tried to save him.
Connor:
1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Breathe.
Come on, Wes!
Breathe!
He wouldn't breathe,
so I-I kept doing
the -- the compressions.
But then...
[ Bone cracks ]
there was, like,
a -- like a crack,
like a bone
or -- or rib or something.
I don't know.
Maybe --
Maybe that's what killed him,
you know, maybe, like,
a -- a bone punctured
his lung or something.
No, no, Connor,
h-he was hurt
before you got there.
Hey, do not baby him
right now!
Connor, Connor, Connor.
Did you see
if he was hurt?
No.
Are you sure?
Because that would help us
figure out how he died.
I didn't see anything!
He just -- He just looked dead.
Yeah, 'cause you left him
there to die!
There was gas!
I smelled gas.
Whoever killed him
cut the gas line.
You mean you cut
the gas line.
Laurel.
-Oh, God, Laurel.
-I swear I didn't do this!
How are we supposed
to believe you right now?
Oliver: Look at him!
Look how guilty he feels.
Yeah, maybe
'cause he killed him.
Stop it.
Why are you
just telling us this now?
Because he was afraid
of this,
that you would think
he did it,
when the truth is
he was just in the wrong place
at the wrong time.
Yeah, maybe that's
what he wants us to believe.
Will you stop
attacking him, please?
All of you have done
terrible things,
and you have asked me
to believe that you did them
for the right reasons.
Well, now you need to do
the same thing for Connor.
Yeah, he hated Wes.
No, I didn't.
You blamed him
for everything!
Annalise: Quiet.
Please, Laurel, you're
just making it worse!
( all shouting )
So, you know what you need
to do right now?
You need to go
and kill yourself.
Laurel, stop.
That's the one good thing
you're gonna do in your life.
You're gonna go, and you're
gonna kill yourself, Connor!
Laurel.
[ Gasps ]
[ Footsteps approach ]
Today's a good day for you.
[ Door closes ]
How's that?
We're offering you
a plea deal.
Admit Annalise ordered you
to kill Wes,
and you'll be out
in seven years.
Your case against Annalise is
in the toilet.
Maybe it's time
you just give up.
If the judge throws out
Annalise's case,
my office is gonna have
to come up
with an alternative theory...
like...
you and Laurel Castillo
killed Wes.
She was
in the house that night,
as were you,
according to your confession.
Love triangle gone wrong.
What do you have on her?
Sign the deal,
and no one ever has to know.
[ Sighs ]
Bonnie: You could've kept
Annalise out of jail.
How?
By telling the police
that she wasn't at
the house that night.
[Sniffles] That doesn't mean
she didn't do this.
Bonnie told you, right?
This whole time,
I've been telling everyone
that you killed Wes.
You should be begging her
not to kill you right now,
not attacking her.
Why don't you let her speak
for herself?
So...
was it you?
You killed him?
Leave, Bonnie.
Go.
Bonnie: Move.
[ Door closes ]
Now.
This is grief.
You're trying to make sense out
of things that don't make sense,
choosing a target
for your anger.
You still haven't answered
my question.
You know the answer.
I don't.
Every bad thing that we've done
starts with you.
You're confused.
Or I just don't know
how to bite my tongue anymore!
Laurel's right.
You're deflecting.
You are.
I never killed anyone.
Neither have I!
You hacked up my husband,
dumped his body
in a garbage bin.
Because of Wes, okay?!
We were all trying
to help him and you.
There you go again,
deflecting.
No, no, no, you two dragged us
into your Oedipal crap
and we've all been trying
to clean it up!
You should've left!
I tried.
Well, you bailed on that plan
because your boyfriend
wouldn't run away with you.
I was trying to protect him
from you.
You couldn't stand the idea
of spending one second alone.
You don't know
anything about me.
Well, I know
you're paranoid and broken,
haven't trusted anyone
since you were a little boy.
I know what you're
trying to do right now.
And you're still acting
like that little boy,
making up ugly stories
about people
because you're scared
of anyone actually
getting to know you.
Oh, God, you're so desperate
for that kid!
So you blame me for the mess
that's been in your head
since the day you were born!
All your sons are dead!!
They're all dead!
And you can't use me
to replace them.
Look me in the eye.
Right here.
You said
you didn't hurt Wes.
So I believe you.
But I need you
to believe me, too.
Forgive him.
No.
Annalise:
He made a terrible mistake,
just like we all have
at one point,
but he apologized.
I don't care.
Wes is still gone.
But it's not Connor's fault.
It's whoever killed him,
and that's where your anger
needs to be going
right now.
Otherwise, this boy
right here is gonna kill himself
and we'll all have
more blood on our hands.
Is that what you want?
Forgive him.
He had some big file
on Laurel.
He's bluffing.
But what if he's not?
He told you he's investigating
all the kids, right?
To intimidate us.
Don't fall for it.
And don't do anything
without talking to me.
Of course not.
Bonnie:
Where are you going?
To buy a gun so that
I can use it on Connor.
I have an OB appointment.
[ Sighs ]
Still pregnant.
I really think that we should
call the mystery number.
I can block my cell.
There's no way they'll
know it's mine.
You heard Annalise.
No.
♪
[ Tablet beeps ]
[ Engine starts ]
Nate: Atwood was
just in New York.
She parked in a garage
in the Financial District.
-When?
-Today.
Right after
Charles Mahoney was released.
Hello?
Was that a thank you?
No.
When the judge asks me
how I got the information,
should I just tell them
that you broke into her car?
I'm doing everything
I can, Annalise.
-No, you're not.
-Excuse me?
[ Sighs ]
You should
just talk to her.
You think she's gonna
confess to me?
Well, she fell
for your moves before.
Or are you not as charming
as you used to be?
Okay.
I'm gonna hang up.
Was that Nate?
We need all the help
we can get.
Wait.
What if Connor isn't
telling us everything?
[ Sighs ]
Is there really
no vodka in the house?
No.
[ Sighs ]
Dr. Huang:
There's the yolk sac.
That thicker area there is
the fetal pole.
And...there you are.
The heartbeat.
[ Heart beating ]
[ Monitor clicks ]
It's a big decision.
[ Scoffs ]
Yeah.
[ Sighs ]
How much time do I have?
Pennsylvania allows abortions
up until 24 weeks.
Just know
the law requires you
to have a consultation
with counselors
where all your options
are laid on the table
24 hours
prior to the termination.
Right.
Meggy.
Hey.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, I just, uh --
I came to a doctor's
appointment.
Being back here
made me think of you.
Really?
Because I thought
that we weren't friends.
[ Sighs ]
Meggy --
Do you know
that Michaela and them
wouldn't even talk to me
at Wes' memorial?
That wasn't about you.
They were just really worried
about how I lost my mind
up there on the altar.
I'm sorry.
I just -- I miss him,
and I know that you do, too,
which is why
I shouldn't have shut you out.
It's just this whole situation's
made me really paranoid.
Of me?
[ Scoffs ]
Of everyone.
Forgive me?
The bitch is spotless.
We've been through every file
we have on Atwood -- twice.
There's nothing
that makes her look stupid.
I couldn't track
the phone number, either.
Sorry.
-Guys, what about this?
It says, "Stop being a weenie
and call the mystery number"!
We're not calling
the number.
What about asking
your dad?
No.
I have an idea.
There's nothing in Wes' autopsy
about the cracked rib,
so you can put me on the stand,
and I'll tell the truth.
It'll prove that the M.E. lied
in her report
and invalidate
the D.A.'s entire case.
That could make
Denver think you killed Wes.
Yeah, but it'll get
Annalise off.
Okay, I know you think
you have to do this, but --
I want to.
There's no other way.
You have
to let me do this.
I can't let you take
the stand.
Thank God.
But Laurel can, though.
Mr. Gibbins' blood test showed
an abnormally high CO2 level,
and I observed petechiae,
which are small hemorrhages
around his cornea
and on the lining
of his larynx.
The presence
of those two factors led me
to conclude
that Mr. Gibbins' cause of death
was asphyxiation
by smoke inhalation.
Bonnie: During your exam,
did you observe
any other serious injuries
on Mr. Gibbins' body?
No.
Really?
Nothing that would result
from a struggle or a fall?
Objection --
asked and answered.
Merely asking the witness
to clarify, Your Honor.
Apart from the third-degree
burns sustained postmortem,
I observed no other
traumatic injuries.
No further questions.
Jacobs: Mr. Denver?
Nothing from our side,
Your Honor.
Great, that was
the last witness on your list.
Correct, Ms. Winterbottom?
Actually, we have a new witness
we'd like to call to the stand.
She was the other victim
in the fire -- Laurel Castillo.
Objection -- Ms. Castillo is a
critical witness for the State.
New evidence
about that night
has come to
Ms. Castillo's recollection.
The State objects,
Your Honor.
I've had no time
to prepare a cross.
Mr. Denver has just stated
that she is a critical witness
to the State, which means
he should be prepared
to question her.
I'll be prepared
for the trial.
The point of this hearing
is to determine
whether there will
even be a trial, Mr. Denver.
Please step up,
Ms. Castillo.
[ Birds chirping ]
[ Sighs ]
Why are you here?
You know why.
Tell me or I'll call 911
right now.
How long have the Mahoneys
been paying you off?
The Mahoneys?
Then who asked you
to cremate Wes' body?
I didn't order
his body cremated.
We're not in court anymore.
No need to lie.
Everything I said
under oath was true.
You don't believe me,
I don't care.
Nate: Why were you
in New York yesterday?
You're following me now?
I didn't say that.
I had a job interview
with Anthony and Levin
to try and salvage
what's left of my career
after Annalise
destroyed it.
You destroyed your career the
minute you forged my signature.
And I have been kicking myself
about that ever since.
I don't need
you kicking me, too.
You wouldn't be in
this mess unless someone
was twisting your arm.
I told you --
There is no one.
Someone's gonna find out
the truth.
And they might not be
as understanding as me.
You're looking out
for yourself.
So am I.
Don't come here again.
Why did you contact
the defense today, Ms. Castillo?
Laurel:
To tell the truth.
Who did you lie to?
The police.
Bonnie: Why?
Because I didn't know
who I could trust.
But now that I know
that the D.A. hid Wes's body,
I know that I was right.
What were you too afraid
to tell the police?
That I saw Wes...
in the house
before the fire.
[ Voice breaking ]
He was in the basement.
He was unconscious.
But his body was still warm,
so I-I started CPR.
For how long?
A minute or more.
And I kept wanting
to get him to breathe,
so I just kept pressing
on his chest.
Um...
[ Sighs ]
but then, I must've --
I must've pressed too hard,
'cause then I, uh,
I heard a bone break.
What you're describing is
a rib fracture, Ms. Castillo.
But the medical examiner
testified
that there were
no other injuries.
That's a lie.
-Motion to strike.
-He was dead before the fire.
Why are you hiding that?
Jacobs: Please don't
address the D.A.
Why are you concealing
how he died?!
Unless you want to be held
in contempt, Ms. Castillo,
I'm advising you
to calm down.
[ Sniffles ]
I'm sorry.
[ Breathes deeply ]
No further questions.
You're a law student,
Ms. Castillo, so I assume
that means you can define
"perjury" for the court?
[ Sighs, sniffles ]
Perjury is the crime
of lying under oath.
Very good.
Did you learn that at
Middleton, or have you
committed perjury before?
I'm not lying.
Really?
So, you've never lied
to legal authorities before?
Hmm.
[ Sniffles ]
Well, answer
the question.
Denver:
Answer the question.
Objection, Your Honor.
On what grounds,
Mr. Delfino?
Um...
I object, Your Honor,
on the grounds of hearsay.
The D.A. is referring
to a supposed
out-of-court statement
of which we have no proof.
Here's the proof,
Your Honor.
The prosecution enters
into evidence this affidavit
from the Federal District
of Mexico City.
It contains a statement
from Ms. Castillo confessing
that she made a false claim
of kidnapping as a teenager.
Objection, Your Honor.
The D.A. is presenting
improper character evidence.
Ms. Castillo, is this your
signature on this statement?
Hm.
[ Sniffles ]
It is.
[ Sighs ]
Jacobs: Then your objection
overruled, Ms. Winterbottom.
Continue.
Denver:
Do you admit to fabricating
a story about getting kidnapped?
I can explain.
I'm not asking
for an explanation,
just a yes or no.
It's not as simple as that.
Did you or did you not sign
that document admitting
that you lied to authorities
about getting kidnapped?
Answer the question.
I did.
[ Spectators murmur ]
Michaela: So, you're
a pathological liar?
No.
Really? Because even
a sociopath couldn't lie
that well on the stand.
-Seriously.
I lied about seeing Wes,
not about being kidnapped.
You signed
an affidavit admitting
you made the whole thing up.
-Because my father made me.
-I'm so confused.
-It's simple.
I was really kidnapped.
I just had to say I wasn't
in order to protect my father.
Right.
The defense requested
this hearing
with the intention of proving
malicious prosecution.
The only thing
they've been able to prove is
to what extraordinary --
and illegal -- lengths
they're willing to go
to have these charges dropped.
Now, although the cremation
of the victim's body was
an egregious clerical error,
the official autopsy results
prove that the fire was
the cause of death --
a fire started
by Ms. Keating in her own home.
And the only person
to refute the findings was
one of her own students
who we now know has
a history of perjury.
And let's not forget
the evidence
against Ms. Keating,
that Mr. Gibbins was
about to take an immunity deal
incriminating her.
Ms. Keating instructed
Mr. Gibbins to go to her house
hours before he was killed.
Then she erased
her cellphone?
We even have
an anonymous source
who's willing to testify
as to her motives.
Whose identity is
still being hidden from us.
We will reveal the identity
as we get closer to the trial.
Either way, this case deserves
to go before a jury.
At the very least,
we owe that to Mr. Gibbins.
Jacobs: There's no need
to delay my decision.
Your Honor, I urge you
to take more time
with the facts
of this hearing.
More time won't change
my decision.
While it's true
that A.D.A. Atwood engaged
in heinous misconduct,
it doesn't cancel out
the abundance of evidence
against Ms. Keating.
Defense's motion
to dismiss is denied.
[ Gavel bangs ]
[ Spectators murmur ]
Well, that was
a big waste of time.
You think?
[ Handcuffs click ]
I'm sorry.
[ Knock on door ]
Not now, Janice.
[ Door opens ]
It's not Janice.
Why are you here,
Mr. Walsh?
I want Wes' immunity deal.
-Connor? [Sighs]
-He's probably just dropping
a mean one
in the bathroom.
Or he just finally went
to Russia.
Okay, you do not still get
to be mad at him.
Oh, I get to be mad at him
for the rest of my life.
-He's not in there.
-[ Sighs ]
Please don't do this.
Please.
-[ Sighs ]
-Please. Please.
-Hey.
-Connor?
-Where the hell is he?
-Where the hell are you?
-Denver's office.
-What?
I'll file for bifurcation
from Frank first thing tomorrow.
Wait for me in your car.
Tell him
he has to get out of there!
God!
Are you insane?!
Don't worry.
I'm gonna fix this.
How?
By telling the truth --
that Laurel told my story.
No, Connor --
It's the least I can do
at this point.
No, it's the dumbest thing
you can do at this point.
All he's gonna do is think
that you're lying --
o-or worse,
that you're a suspect!
Don't worry.
I'm getting an immunity deal.
He's having it drafted
right now.
So, he's not there?
-No.
-Then leave, please.
We all get it now,
that you feel bad, even Laurel.
Say you're not mad at him.
-I forgive you, Connor.
So, please, Connor,
just come home!
Atwood went to New York
for a job interview.
♪ Sister ♪
♪ We see ♪
And you believe her?
♪ Mind the flag ♪
I do.
Now I don't know
if I believe you.
♪
Excuse me?
After everything I've done
to you, said to you...
♪ Sister ♪
...still meeting me
in cars, helping me...
♪ Mind the flag ♪
...it's hard for me to believe
you're not part of all this.
♪
You're being scapegoated,
and I see it with my own eyes.
That's why I'm helping you.
♪
I'm calling
the mystery phone number.
You hear that, Connor?
I'm gonna call,
and Sylvia or Charles
or one of the Mahoneys
are gonna pick up,
and then we're gonna find out
how stupid your plan is.
Michaela: Your plan is stupid!
-I'm calling.
-Tell him to hang up.
Like, what is wrong
with you?
Seriously, you're gonna
get us all arrested!
Give me the phone!
Move!
♪
[ Cellphone vibrates ]
-Put the phone down!
-Hang up the phone, Asher.
[ Vibrating continues ]
♪ We buried the meat ♪
♪ For mama ♪
[ Vibrating continues ]
Annalise: Denver.
He's been gunning for me
ever since
the Hapstall case, Sinclair.
I strong-armed him
into closing the case.
This is such a reach,
Annalise.
No.
What's a reach is
you prosecuting me --
Annalise: And Atwood would
have to do whatever he said.
♪
It's him.
Hello?
Connor?
It's Denver's phone.
It was here in his desk.
-Hang up the phone!
-Tell him to get out of there!
[ Door opens ]
♪ Sister ♪
♪ We see ♪
♪ Mind the flag ♪
♪ Everything ♪
♪
[ Bone cracks ]
Laurel: Annalise?
Annalise, are you here?
♪
Connor: [ Echoing ]
There was gas!
I smelled gas.
Whoever killed him
cut the gas line.
♪ We buried the meat ♪
Laurel: [ Echoing ]
I saw someone there...
They ran out
of the storm door.
[ Door slams ]
♪
♪ Mind the flag ♪
♪ Sister ♪
♪ Rotate ♪
It's me.
We have a little problem.
Yeah.
But it got kind of messy.
♪ Rotate ♪
♪